>> Kyle Simpson: We can get much more
sophisticated when we talk about function
parameters and return values.
You can define custom types like this.
Here I'm defining that an object of a type
that has a property called name that is
of type string, that is a type.
And then I can pass values
of that type as parameters.
And I can receive values
back as parameters.
So here I am passing in
studentRec of the type student.
I'm defining my own type if you will.
So it's much more powerful in that
you can define these custom types.
And this program, just to be clear,
this program doesn't have any errors.
Because what it knows is that when I
do line 4 a return of studentRec.name,
it knows that studentRec was an object
with a name property that was string.
So it knows it's returning a string and
when line 9 I try to assign it
a string it knows everything is fine.
But you'll notice that
most of the guarantee
here is are things being
assigned correctly.
Are they being assigned the right types?
A parameter to a function
is a lot like a variable.
If you're saying I wanna only be
able to pass in numbers, then you're
basically saying the same thing as I
want this variable to only hold numbers.
>> Kyle Simpson: Where I to uses something
like typescript I probably would define
many more of my parameters
as say union types.
Or I would say, you know what, I'm gonna
allow strings, numbers, and nulls.
Because it's rare that I want it to be so
restrictive
that it can only ever receive exactly this
kind of structured object for example.
But nevertheless,
it's able to do some very useful
guarantees if the problems that you
have are misassignments of types.